About Payment Gateway
Accept payments using Razorpay Payment Gateway. Discover its advantages, when to use it and the various integration types.

Available in

IN
India

MY
Malaysia

SG
Singapore

US
United States

A Payment Gateway creates a secure pathway between a customer and the business to facilitate payments securely. It involves the authentication of both parties from the banks involved. You can accept payments from customers on your website and mobile apps using the Razorpay Payment Gateway as a business owner.

Advantages
Onboarding: Integrate Razorpay Payment Gateway on your native-built website using Standard Checkout. Explore Razorpay plugins for various platforms such as WooCommerce, WordPress, Magento, Shopify and more.

Success Rate: Achieve a higher success rate by using multiple connections to route a transaction and direct netbanking pipes. Razorpay provides downtime updates, suggests the next best payment option at the point of payment failure on checkout and more.

Refunds: Razorpay retries failed API refunds smartly based on the error code received from the bank.

Scalability and Availability: Razorpay systems handle a load of 800 transaction requests per second without deterioration. They provide downtime updates via email, status page and Dashboard.

Settlements Reconciliation: Use settlement reconciliation to keep track of all the transactions such as payments, refunds, transfers, and adjustments settled to you for a particular day or month.

Coverage: Razorpay supports a wide range of domestic and international cards, various netbanking options, UPI collect and intent, Cash on Delivery, EMI, Cardless EMI, and wallets including Paytm and PhonePe.
When to Use a Payment Gateway
You should consider integrating with a payment gateway if you have a website or a mobile app.

Do Not Have a Website or Mobile App?

You can still accept payments by using other Razorpay products such as Payment Links and Payment Pages. Check the list of no-code apps and find the product that best suits your business needs.

Not Ready to Integrate Yet?

If you are unsure about integrating with Razorpay Gateway, you can use Razorpay Payment Button. Embed a Payment Button on your website by just adding a couple of lines of code.

Types of Checkout
Use this flow to decide whether to use Standard or Custom Checkout. You can also explore other available checkout options.

Decide which payment gateway or products to use based on the requirements